and to Matthew the 24th chapter verses 1
through 3 as we continue today our
sermon series great questions of the
Bible
let's review for just a few moments the
essence of the first three sermons the
first sermon was entitled the eternal
question the Bible says what shall it
profit a man if he gains the world and
loses his soul
the person who trades the wealth of the
world for his soul according to the
Bible is a fool because in this life you
were guaranteed seventy years the Bible
says your life is like grass that is cut
down in the morning and withers before
the noonday Sun the Bible says your life
is but a puff of a steam kettle and then
it vanishes and disappears but in
eternity is forever and forever and
forever without God so the man who
trades this world for his soul has been
a fool the second sermon am I my
brother's keeper
the message that we have from heaven is
that we have a god-given responsibility
to care for each other we are brothers
and sisters in Christ we are the family
of God we are all Americans and we need
to get unified now more than ever
there is no us and them there is us and
us what hurts you hurts me what hurts me
hurts you the Bible says that if one
member of the body is offended it
affects the whole body therefore we are
our brother's keeper the American family
is divided by wealth race technology I
saw a cartoon the other day of a husband
who was looking at his cell phone and
his wife was sitting across the table
talking and the essence was she said
could I please tape your cell phone to
my forehead so you would at least look
at me while I'm talking to you and I get
a witness here today the family that
stays together has only one car
the third sermon in this series if the
Foundation's be destroyed what can the
righteous do 10 America survived in the
moral spiritual environment we now have
the moral foundations of America are
rotting at the core the family the
traditional family is under attacked
traditional marriage between a man and a
woman is under attack many churches have
abandoned the principles of
righteousness as established in the Word
of God we need to come back to the
position we are not ashamed of the
gospel of Jesus Christ the result that
the morals of America are no better than
Sodom and Gomorrah hello America and I'm
talking to those of you who are watching
by television if you go to a church
where the pastor does not open the Word
of God really take a text and preach
that text you need to find yourself a
new church
let the righteous Revolution begin and
let it begin now the sermon today the
fourth sermon in the series answers
three questions that disciples asked
Jesus as they left the city of Jerusalem
walking to the Mount of Olives three
days before Jesus was to be crucified
time does not permit to answer all three
but I'll answer the first to Matthew 24
verses one through three read with me
please then Jesus went out and departed
from the temple and his disciples came
to him to show him the buildings of the
temple and Jesus said to them do you not
see all these things assuredly I say to
you not one stone should be left here
upon another that shall not be thrown
down now as he said on the Mount of
Olives the disciples came to him
privately saying tell us when will these
things be and what will be the sign of
your coming and what will be the sign of
the end of the age three powerful
questions about which you could preach
the rest of the New Testament father let
us hear the Word of God today and let us
recognize the signs of your coming
because the king is coming in all of his
power and glory and we must be prepared
to meet him and the authority of your
name we pray and ask it and all of God's
children said praise the Lord you may be
seated the three questions again when
will these things be what is the sign of
your coming and what is the sign of the
end of the age
Matthew 24 is the spine of Bible
prophecy it is given by an authority
named Jesus Christ of Nazareth the Son
of God
it covers from the moment Jesus speaking
on
the Mount of Olives to four of his
disciples until the end of the world now
listen very closely because this is so
confused to the body of Christ Matthew
24 is not a message to the church it is
the message by a Jewish rabbi to his
Jewish disciples about the future of
Israel and the Jewish people we can
understand the future by what's
happening to them but it is God's
message to them
question number not 1 when will these
things be the scene is that Jesus and
His disciples have just left the temple
in Jerusalem and it's magnificent courts
if you've been there you've seen the
gleaming walls and the dazzling Sun the
majestic awesome site that is the pride
of Israel Jesus stopped and pointed at
those massive walls built by Herod the
Great over 64 years with stones whose
massive size defy your imagination I
have seen stones in that wall that are
70 feet long that are 10 feet wide and 8
feet high that way hundreds of tons one
stone jesus said to his disciples not
one of these stones will be left here
one upon the other they're going to be
thrown down the disciples were stunned
how could something so massive how could
the pride of Israel be destroyed Jesus
prophecy came true 36 years later when
the tenth Legion under the command of
Titus besieged the city of Jerusalem for
months no one in no one out
Josephus the first century celebrated
historian records that more than 1
million Jewish people starved to death
in that siege the heart
scenes that happened in the city of
Jerusalem if I described them to you of
people fighting for food and fighting
for life would make you sick to your
stomach general Titus commanded the
Roman 10th Legion to pull the stones of
the walls down because what the master
of heaven says always happens on earth
but why did this happen there had been a
national rejection of Jesus Christ and
the pride of Israel was destroyed just
as Jesus prophesied Jesus a few days
before had said on that same mountain
and said o Jerusalem Jerusalem thou
which doughnuts the prophets and killers
them which are said unto thee how often
would I have come to you and gathered
you together as a hand up gather her
chicks but you would not hear me America
there is a national rejection of Jesus
Christ as the Son of God in our nation
Jesus Christ wasn't a good man he was
more than a teacher he was either the
son of God or the greatest liar who ever
walked across the stage of human history
he is our all in all he is our Savior he
is our king he is our master he is our
Great Physician he is the lily of the
valley he's the fairest of ten thousand
years the one who is resurrected from
the dead he is Lord hallelujah to the
lamb of God so the point to America is
don't you believe that one morning one
minute that the pride of America can't
be destroyed by a nuclear weapon and
millions of people die in this country
for the pain and penalty of forgetting
God and this nation is leaning over
backwards to forget God why are you
concerned about that preacher because
the Bible says all nations that means
this one that forget God are turned into
hell
and one of those translations is hell on
earth
wake up America there is no god but the
God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob and we
have no king but Jesus Christ the king
of King give him praise in the house of
God the second question what will be the
sign of your coming and I will spend the
rest of this message on that one
question there are two comings of Jesus
Christ in the future listen closely the
next one that could happen at any second
is the rapture of the church
following the rapture of the church
there will be a seven-year period called
the Great Tribulation following the
Great Tribulation Jesus Christ will
return to Earth according to Revelation
19 with all of the holy angels with all
the believers of the Old Testament and
the New Testament mounted on white
horses coming back to Jerusalem to set
up the throne that God promised him that
the son of David would rule on the
throne of his father in the city of
Jerusalem and he Jesus Christ is going
to defeat the enemies of Israel he's
going to walk through the Kedron Valley
he's going to sit on the throne of King
David on the Temple Mount and they shall
come from the north the South the east
and the west kneel and bow for every
knee shall bow and every tongue shall
confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the
glory of God the Father give him praise
and the health of God
if the rapture happened in the next 60
seconds some of you would suddenly
disappear some of you would be left
behind in a few days there would be an
appearance of someone who become known
as the Antichrist he will form a ten
nation coalition that Daniel described
as the ten toes of the image it will be
what's left of the European Union that's
now falling apart it will be a one world
government with a one-world currency and
a one-world religion and it very well
may be Islam and there will be a global
dictatorship by this Antichrist
personality the first thing he's going
to do is resolve the Israel Islamic
question that has been the geopolitical
question since 1948 he's going to make a
peace treaty with Israel he's going to
promise Israel protection he's going to
give them the opportunity to build a new
temple the third temple he's going to
make concessions that are going to
thrill the Jewish people and he will
placate the Arab people he's going to
break that treaty in three and a half
years with Israel he's going to set up
his image to be worshipped as God in
front of the temple just like Antiochus
Epiphanes of which Jesus talks about in
Matthew 24:15 anyone who will not
worship Him as God will have their heads
cut off anyone who does not take their
mark his mark in their hand or their
forehead will not be able to buy or sell
and if you take that mark the book of
Revelation chapter 20 says you lose your
soul so it's not
and easy thing to say well I'll just
reject Jesus now and then the
tribulation I'll find him getting your
head cut off is a lot more difficult
than just say Lord Jesus I accept you as
Lord and Savior but then that's your
call when the church leaves this world
Russia is going to lead an Islamic army
against Israel and God is going to bury
them with an earthquake with pestilence
and then literally he's going to stoned
him himselves
as described in Ezekiel 38 and 39 five
out of six of that army are going to be
buried in Israel you people at g20 who
are talking about what you're going to
do I want to say to the mr. Putin your
army is going to be buried in Israel by
the hand of God Almighty
the Battle of Armageddon will evolve and
be between the king of the west which
will be Europe and America and the king
of the east which will be China China
and Russia will never do anything to
help America not ever we're on our own
and get that in your mind the second
coming is revelation 19 when Jesus
Christ comes as king of kings for the
balance of this message I'm going to
focus on the next coming of Jesus which
is the rapture of the church
why because it concerns you and it
concerns every member of your family I
am NOT foolish enough to believe that
everyone in this room is ready to meet
Jesus Christ and to give an account for
him instantly about your life here's the
message of st. Paul let's begin at the
beginning
first Corinthians 15:51 and 52 Paul says
behold I show you a mystery listen the
word mystery in the Bible does not mean
something that's difficult to understand
it means something that has never been
described before and is now being
revealed why because Jesus told the
church he was coming back they didn't
know whether it be two weeks two months
or two years now Christians begin to die
and they're asking Paul what about us
what's going to happen Paul says behold
I show you a mystery we shall not all
sleep in death but we shall all be
changed in a moment in the twinkling of
an eye at the last trumpet for the trunk
of God shall sound and the dead in
Christ shall be raised incorruptible and
we shall be changed into immortality
pastor Hagee what difference does it
make whether I believe in the rapture or
not I get asked that question often and
the difference is Hebrews 9:28 to those
that eagerly look for him will he appear
the second time the point is if you're
not looking for him you're not going
with him
that's the point Luke 21:36 says watch
and pray said it with me watch and pray
that don't mean watch each other that
means watch and pray watch and pray that
you be counted worthy to escape those
things coming upon the earth will there
be a rapture if Jesus is coming back why
now second Peter 3 and 2 knowing that
there shall come in the last days
scoffers saying where's the sign of his
coming the very fact that you don't
believe he's coming is proof positive
he's coming I I get excited when people
say oh he's not coming back yeah thank
you Lord Jesus for that word of
encouragement will there be a rapture
the Bible says in 1st Thessalonians 4:16
for the Lord himself shall descend with
a shout and the voice of the Archangel
and with the Trump of God why is there a
shout because it is a total victory over
death hell and the grave listen to what
I'm about to say when one ounce of your
body lies in the grave Jesus has not had
total victory over death hell and the
grave but at the sounding of the Trump
when every ounce of every redeemed body
that's ever been placed in the ground or
buried in the sea rises to meet the Lord
in the air there's going to be a shout
that splits the heavens and it's coming
from the mouth of God because victory
over death hell and the grave has
incomplete hallelujah to the lamb of God
why is there a sounding of a trumpet
because in the Bible trumpets are used
to announce the entrance of royalty
Jesus Christ is king of kings and Lord
of lords
he is the king of all kings he is the
Prince of Peace the dead in Christ rise
first and we which are alive and remain
shall be caught up together to be with
him in the clouds of glory to meet the
Lord in the air why do the dead in
Christ rise first one man said well it's
because they have further to go that's
not the answer I believe they go first
because there is going to be a
reunification with their body and their
spirit that is in heaven and it's going
to be virtually instantaneous but they
do need just a little head start and
those of us who are alive at the
sounding of the trumpet will be right
behind him as we go through the golden
gate together
that is the only way the Bible verse can
be fulfilled we shall be known as we are
known when you get to heaven people will
know you justice quickly maybe a lot
quicker than they know right now faster
the dead in Christ rise first you say
that's never happened before
well people have left this earth already
Elijah in Chariots of Fire the angels
came and got him those chariots by the
way are angels
David said the chariots of God are
angels so it wasn't actually wheels and
horses and stuff like that
he had an angelic escort
he said angels have carried him to
heaven
he's been there for 3,000 years and he's
coming back during the tribulation to
bring the message to the Jewish people
that Jesus Christ the King of Kings is
the Messiah and he's coming back
Enoch has disappeared 3,000 years ago
the Bible says Enoch walked with God and
one day he walked with God for such a
way Scott said hey you're closer to my
house than your house why don't we just
go on and he's been gone for 3,000 plus
years st. Paul said I was in the spirit
on the Lord's Day I was given a guided
tour of heaven and what I've seen defies
what man can believe for the half is not
entered into the minds of men what God
had prepared for his own on the
resurrection morning Matthew 24 30 and
then there shall appear the sign of the
Son of man in heaven and they shall see
the Son of God coming in the clouds of
heaven with power and great glory acts
1:11 ye men of Galilee why stand ye here
gazing into heaven this sang
say that with me this saying Jesus shall
come in like manner meaning literally
meaning physically meaning visibly as
you have seen him go so shall you see
him come again
you put these verses together and here's
the picture you have that Jesus Christ
the Prince of glory appears suddenly in
the heavens a brilliant starburst of
dazzling light as lightning flashes from
the east
meaning Jerusalem to the west as the
Trump of God shall sound announcing the
appearance of royalty for he is the
Prince of Peace and the king of all
kings and the Lord of all Lords the
voice of the Archangel shall summon the
dead from their graves all over the
earth they will explode and rise to the
clouds to meet the Lord in the air
cars are going to be empty along 1604
you're going to have the worst traffic
jam out here you've ever had in all of
your life we're going to the mansions on
high to walk in the city where the
streets are gold not asphalt there's no
speed limit and there are no stop signs
there because whose drivers are suddenly
strangely missing homes of believers
will have the supper dishes on the table
it may be the morning dishes or they are
the noon meal because whenever Jesus
comes it's going to be night somewhere
it's going to be midday somewhere it's
going to be morning somewhere that's why
you have the people in the field at
different time because when the Lord
comes it is a global instantaneous event
headlines will be screaming millions are
missing Christians have disappeared from
the earth there will be a global
economic crash why because the
Christians are the tax base where the
folks who are working
you folks in Washington are going to
have to find another economic source to
fund all these social programs you have
the greatest social revolution in the
world are just taking place and you're
going to miss it
CNN is going to do their usual fake news
telecast
where there be speckle commentators are
going to gather around a table and
explain what has happened New Agers are
going to be jabbering about the invasion
of spaceships they're already talking
about that by the way
aliens have kidnapped all these people
iPhones are going to be jammed with
people walking down the street saying
can you hear me
can you hear me now can you hear me now
AT&T doesn't reach that far
churches are going to be packed with
weeping sobbing hysterical people
because the Lord has come and they've
been left behind to go through the hell
of the tribulation some of you looking
at me will be the first to welcome the
Antichrist because you think what I'm
saying is pure poppycock you are living
a life without Christ and Jesus Christ
is really the last person you want to
have an encounter with today too bad
when the King comes he's coming in all
of his glory with all of his might and
majesty he's not coming saying let's
make a deal he's coming to say this is
the deal I am the Lord and there is none
like me I am coming soon
my reward is with me I have a crown of
righteousness for those who live and
followed me and the gates of Hell will
be for the ungodly give him praise in
the house of God
neighbors are going to be standing in
the streets staring up I was just here
talking to Miss Smith she's gone just
disappeared
what is this their shattering event it's
the literal rapture of the Church of
Jesus Christ just beyond the clouds the
saints of God will be gathering home
from the north the South the east and
the West ten thousand times ten thousand
and thousands of thousands they shall
come through the gates of glory that's a
Bible number for a number you can't
imagine ten thousand times ten thousand
and God himself shall wipe every tear
from their eye
there will be no parting there will be
no more suffering there will be no more
pain there will be no more sorrow there
will be no more death there will be no
more tense Awards there will be no more
disease there will be no more for the
former things have passed away even so
come Lord Jesus how to the Lamb of God
there will be five kinds of crowns you
can gain one is the crown of life one is
the crown of glory
another is the crown of righteousness
another is the soul winner's crown
another is the martyrs crown you'll be
able to tell what you did on this earth
by looking at your crown we're not going
to strut around with those crowns by the
way as soon as we get them we're going
to cast them at the feet of Jesus and
give him praise and glory that he has
redeemed us by his precious blood and we
are in heaven forever and forever to
give him praise and highest glory if
worshiping Jesus makes you nervous
you're not going to enjoy heaven at all
the question if you don't believe in the
rapture is described in the Bible where
people rise to meet the Lord in the air
how are you gonna know when the real
Jesus gets here anyone can stand on the
Mount of Olives and say I'm Jesus anyone
can find a nice white robe anyone can
claim to be a descendant of King David
anyone can find delusional people who
will crown him and call him the new king
of Israel on the Temple Mount in
Jerusalem even he can surgically have
scars put in his hands he can get a
false prophet to prophesy that this is
the Messiah I don't think that much that
false prophet will get a stone image to
talk but you see how delusional people
can be on things they believe in this
earth now this is not the real Jesus
that guy is an impostor he will be a
fraud
God knew in the beginning that imposters
and fraud would come and claim to be
Christ's deceiving many even the very
elect jesus said if any man says unto
you lo here is Christ or there is Christ
believe it not say the words believe it
not I often get people contacting me in
various ways
something like this pastor we saw Jesus
in California the other night he was
standing at a stop sign we all knew was
him you know they're selling a lot of
pot out there these days
I believe it not how will we'll be able
to tell the real Jesus from all the
false pretenders Jesus knew there would
be false pretender saying I am Christ
so God scripturally installed a
fail-safe mechanism that is so
staggering in supernatural power so
earth-shattering that not even Satan
could imitate it much less duplicated
that fail-safe system is the rapture of
the church Satan has always tried to
imitate what God has done but he's never
been able to duplicate it beginning in
the Old Testament when Moses became
before Pharaoh to liberate the children
of Israel from Egypt bondage and the
through his rod down and it became a
serpent
Jennie's and jamberries showed up they
were warlocks they threw their sticks
down and that they also became a snake
but Moses snake
that's a theological triumphant ism by
the way why is that important
because those people the Jewish people
were to be liberated to live in their
country to bring up prophets to bring up
a man by the name of King David who
would produce a great great great
grandson thirty-three generations later
who would be called Jesus of Nazareth
who would go to the cross so that you
and you and you and you and I could be
saved from our sin that's why this scene
right here is very important
back to the Antichrist in the New
Testament the Antichrist
imitates Jesus in revelation 6 he shows
up on a white horse
Jesus is the guy on the White Horse in
Revelation 19 but Satan is imitating
what Jesus does
there are 22 perfect imitations Jesus
recovered miraculously by raising from
the dead then to Christ in the book of
Revelation is going to be shot in the
head
emulating the death and the resurrection
of Jesus Christ
he will come back to life in a very
short period of time that's why the
bible says in daniel who is able to make
war against the beast
on the cross Jesus defeated death hell
and the grave the rapture of Christ is
the celebration over death hell and the
grave
that's why Satan hates the rapture
teaching how will I know when when the
real Jesus gets here not by what you
read in the New York Times not by what
you hear from an Ivy League theologian
not be some charismatic personality
standing on the Mount of Olives with a
white bed sheet saying that he's the
king of the new Israel not by a warlock
trying to call fire from heaven I'll
know it's the real Jesus when my body
sails through the air past the Milky Way
past the North Star a million miles a
minute
and the gates of Gold open and the
trumpets of heaven are sounded and the
redeemed 10,000 time ten thousand or
shouting and the heavens are vibrating I
don't know that's heaven
when I stand in his glorious presence
with my brand new disease proof body
looking better than Brad Pitt I'll know
that's up I know that's gonna take a
miracle but God's a miracle working God
when I stand in his presence with my
transfigured body when I can take my
glasses off and see like Clark Kent and
walk without my knees grinding and my
back popping I'll know I'm in heaven
hallelujah to the lamb of God
tomorrow morning when you look in the
mirror and see your floppy buddy
and you say is there any hope for this
yes the rapture of the church hallelu
hallelujah blow the hardware
[Applause]
those attacking the rapture or saying
the Bible is not literal it's an
allegorical book allegorical is a word
meaning myth if the Bible's a myth
I'm myths taken and mystified and of all
men most miserable this book is literal
from cover to cover be ible basic
information before leaving Earth by
border
Jesus Christ was literally born of the
Virgin Mary Jesus Christ was literally
born in Bethlehem Israel Jesus Christ
literally healed people he literally was
rejected he literally was crucified he
literally wore a crown of thorns he
literally died on a cross he was
literally buried in a borrowed grave
he literally rose from the dead he is
literally going to sit at the right hand
of God the Father he has been seen by
five hundred people on his resurrection
day he literally is coming back again
with power and great glory and every
knee shall bow and every tongue shall
confess that Jesus Christ is the Lord to
the glory of God the Father I am
literally going to rise to meet him in
the air I'm literally going to walk on
streets of gold I'm literally going to
wear a dazzling white robe and have a
mansion prepared by the architect of the
ages I'm literally going to wear a crown
of life I'm literally going to cast it
at his feet I'm literally bunk to walked
and talk with Abraham Isaac and Jacob I
am going to live forever and forever and
forever I am going to be riding a white
horse when Jesus comes back in
Revelation 19 all of that is literally
going to happen give him praise and
glory in this house
then the critics come and say the word
rapture is not in the Bible that's true
the Bible is a book of word concepts and
word pictures because when it was first
written there are a lot of people who
didn't have an education to read and so
their word pictures that are so simple
the Bible says quote that a fool cannot
err therein for those of you who say the
Bible is difficult to understand the
biblical text does not have the word
Trinity but over and over it refers to
God the Father the Son and the Holy
Spirit you get the message very quickly
critics say the rapture teaching is
nothing but escapism you people are
trying to escape from the real world
rapture is no more escapism from the
world than salvation its escapism from
eternal hell I gladly tell you Jesus
Christ is my Lord and Savior I am not
ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ
heaven is my home and I'm thrilled out
of my ever-loving mind that I'm going to
heaven and not an eternal hell
if that's escapism hallelujah
rapture is no more escapism than divine
healing as escapism from disease
environmentalists want to escape from
pollution peace movements want to escape
from war the fact the Bible teaches us
to prepare for escape Luke 21:36 watch
therefore and pray always that you may
be counted worthy to escape those things
that are coming upon the earth
Hebrews two and three how shall we
escape if we neglect so great a
salvation there is one of the great
questions of the Bible that you can
preach what are we going to escape the
Bible says we're first going to escape
the tribulation walk with me for just
two or three minutes as I describe for
you revelations chapters 8 9 and 16
they're going to be seven seals seven
trumpets and seven vials that's 21
divine judgments upon the earth by the
hand of God that will destroy one-half
of the Earth's population it's going to
be an unbelievably disastrous time is
that in the Bible yes it is
one one-third of all the vegetation of
the earth is going to be burned up by
the heat of the Sun all grass trees
things you eat secondly the Sun and Moon
are darkened meaning that the earth for
long periods of time will be dark
darkness brings great depression great
fear remember that Satan is the Prince
of Darkness 3 the gates of Hell are
opened and hordes of locusts the size of
a horse will cover the earth and they
will sting men like a scorpion and that
pain will last for five years men will
crawl into the caves of mountains and
beg God to let them die and God will not
permit them to die for there will be a
worldwide famine you are now seeing
worldwide shortage of food
that is going to introduce worldwide
famine five the world war so bloody that
the blood of those killed in battle will
flow for 200 miles up to the bridle of a
horse in the valley of Jezreel which is
the battle of armageddon six every
person on earth will be covered with
great festering boils think of that
seven the seven seas of Earth return to
blood every River every stream becomes
blood that's one of the curses that God
placed on Egypt all the fish died from
lack of oxygen producing more famine and
mind breaking thirst around the world
eight the Sun is going to scorch the
earth with fire with global warming hang
on Al Gore baby your chapters coming
right here right here you see the fires
that were having now just sporadically
that's going to happen all over the
earth at one time nine mighty men Kings
men of war in all their tongues in pain
they crawl into caves and beg God to let
them die they quote seek death and
cannot find it 10
earthquakes are so shattering that the
islands of the sea will disappear
talking about islands like Puerto Rico
like Hawaii every wall will fall down
flat I'm quoting the scripture millions
will be trapped beneath the rubble with
no one coming to their aid why because
it's happening all over the world at the
same time revelation 915 the sixth
trumpet four angels are released by God
Almighty to destroy one-third of mankind
in one day in America that would be a
little more than a hundred million
people think about that I ask you those
of you who are saying and of a sound
mind do you want to escape that I really
do I really do and I'm going to in a
moment in the twinkling of an eye the
last Trump is going to sound
and I'm literally going to rise into the
heavens with millions of believers to
meet the real Jesus who is the Lion of
the tribe of Judah the Lord of glory the
light of the world the Lamb of God and
the lover of my soul he is the Daystar
he is the bright in the Morning Star
he's the fairest of ten thousand is the
Rose of Sharon he is the lily of the
valley he's the Alpha and the Omega the
first and the last he is the Lamb of God
he is the bread of life he's the captain
of my salvation he's the cornerstone
mighty and precious and the Prince of
Peace
he is Emmanuel God with us the hope of
glory he is the friend that sticketh
closer than a brother he is heavens hope
in hell's dread he is crowned with many
crowns because he's king of all kings
and lord of all lords give him praise
give him praise give him praise in the
house of God
can we stand to our feet why is this
going to happen now
that's a sermon I'll preach on a later
date but I want you to understand this
very very clearly that the rapture of
the church can happen before you get
home when I was a child my father who
was a prophecy scholar he wasn't as good
as my mother but he was pretty good he
said Jesus cannot come until Israel
becomes a state and people thought that
was heretical and they said then
Jerusalem needs to go back to the State
of Israel
he said now we're ready for the coming
of the Lord never in the history of the
world have all the players been on the
stage Iran Russia China Europe America
everything is absolutely perfect for it
to happen just like that the next thing
that makes it trigger is the blast of
that trumpet and the sound of the
Archangels summoning home the Bride of
Christ we're getting ready to leave this
world the king is coming my question to
you let me right in the face you say
pastor I'm not ready if Jesus were to
come before I get out of this building I
am not ready to meet the Lord in the air
you hold your hand up I want to have a
prayer with you
god bless you and God bless you here god
bless you
god bless you god bless you there in the
back
god bless you god bless you there and
God bless you there in the in the
balcony raise your hand
pray this prayer with me every one of
you in the house
Heavenly Father I ask you to forgive me
of all of my sin cleanse me from all
unrighteousness with the blood of Jesus
Christ from this day forward I will be a
servant of the Lord Jesus Christ I will
read and obey his word and I will serve
Him
till the last day of my life or to the
sounding of the Trump of God and now
because of the blood of Jesus Christ my
sins are forgiven and I'm a child of God
and I'm on my way to heaven amen
give the Lord a shout of praise in the
house
finish out the food
come on come on come on let's go give
the Lord a shout of praise in the
and I may the Lord bless you and may the
Lord keep you and may the Lord make his
face to shine upon you and may the Lord
be gracious unto you and give you this
peace may you serve the Lord with all of
your heart soul mind and body so that
when he comes for the church triumphant
you are a part of the raptured Bride of
Christ that will see the Lord in all of
his glory live for the joy that we are
the church triumphant and nothing can
conquer you Satan has no power